Update overview (#7989)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/audit-logs.adoc

== Overview
CircleCI logs important events in the system for audit and forensic analysis purposes. Audit logs are separate from system logs that track performance and network metrics. 

> CircleCI customers can access the audit log feature from the UI in the link:https://app.circleci.com/[web app]. Go to the **Audit Log** page within the **Admin** section of the application to download audit logs as a CSV file. Audit log fields with nested data contain JSON blobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can administrator permissions for your organization, you can access the audit log feature from the UI in the link:https://app.circleci.com/[web app]: 

. Select to the **Organization Settings** in the web app sidebar 
. Select **Security** from the menu
. Scroll down to the **Audit Log** section and specify a date range
. Click **Request audit logs** to download audit logs as a CSV file. Audit log fields with nested data contain JSON blobs.
```

Reviewer: I think these are the correct steps to find the audit logs feature

Reviewer: @labsquared let me know if this looks right
